This text file covers the six subplots under Figure 1 for Baltimore data. That
is, `figure-b1-1.png` through `figure-b1-6.png`. Raw data pulled from the same
source as in the study, focusing largely on entries with `Baltimore, MD` in the
`City` field.

figure-b1-1.png
   -
   This plot displays the population-weighted distribution of NO₂ levels within
   HOLC-mapped areas at the census block level of Baltimore, MD, in the year
   2010. NO₂ levels are measured in ppb. Bars represent the 25th and 75th
   percentiles. Horizontal lines represent medians, and the dot in the middle
   of each bar represent means. The dotted line across the entire plot is the
   overall mean.

   As can be seen from the x-axis, there are two clusters of bars.
   
   The first displays air pollution levels by HOLC grade; as HOLC grade gets
   worse, so does the air quality.

   The second displays air pollution levels by race/ethnicity; NO₂ levels
   are lower among White populations than in Black, Asian, or Hispanic
   populations.

   Compared to the nationwide statistics seen in Figure 1(a) from the study,
   HOLC grade seems to have a far larger effect on air quality than ethnicity.
   In particular, the difference in air pollution levels between "A"/"B" areas
   and "C"/"D" areas are more extreme. There is also an observable trend in the
   ethnicity column, though not as severe.

figure-b1-2.png
   -
   This plot displays the population-weighted distribution of NO₂ levels within
   HOLC-mapped areas at the census block level of Baltimore, MD, in the year
   2010, as intraurban differences.

   That is, each datapoint consists of the NO₂ concentration at a census block
   level, minus the population-weighted mean NO₂ level for Baltimore, MD.

figure-b1-3.png
   -
   This plot displays the population-weighted distribution of NO₂ levels within
   HOLC-mapped areas at the census block level of Baltimore, MD, and how much
   they differ from nationwide data.

   That is, each datapoint consists of the NO₂ concentration at a census block
   level, minus the population-weighted mean NO₂ level for all entries in the
   raw data file (nationwide).

figure-b1-4.png, figure-b1-5.png, and figure-b1-6.png follow the same format
as the above three plots, but shows PM₂.₅ levels, measured in μg/m³, instead.
It is important to note that PM₂.₅ levels are less pronounced, with the "C"
HOLC grade receiving the worse overall distribution of air pollution levels.